+++
title = "Participants"
+++

I'm **John Wickerson**, and one thing I'd like to get out of this workshop is: I'm curious whether
there are other properties of an HLS tool -- besides correctness -- that formal methods could help
to guarantee.

Hi, I am **Jianyi Cheng** from Imperial College London. I have a talk today about optimizing HLS
using Petri nets. People use formal methods to *PROVE* stuff, and I use formal methods to *IMPROVE*
stuff. I am here to chat about anything!

Hi, I am **Yann Herklotz** from Imperial College. I am presenting today about implementing loop
pipelining for verified high-level synthesis.  I’m hoping to bring interactive theorem provers like
Coq to HLS.

Hi, I'm **Ben Reynwar** from Information Sciences Institute, USC.  I mostly do digital design and
would love to be able to use human-assisted HLS to transform a high-level specification into a
design and corresponding proof of equivalence.  I’m also interested in any other methods that would
make generating proofs less labor intensive.

Hello, I am **Debjit Pal** from Cornell University/University of Illinois at Chicago. I primarily
work on the multiple facets of post-silicon and pre-silicon SoC verification using formal and
simulation based techniques. Recently, I am exploring application of formal methods in verifying
optimizations in domain-specific languages in the HLS context. Given HLS is also becoming
commonplace in ASIC/SoC design, I am hoping to bring in developments from HLS community for agile
SoC design.

Hi, I'm **Joshua Einstein-Curtis** from RadiaSoft, LLC. We consult on designs for large and small
physics experiments, as well as associated electronics. Formal methods could be valuable at many
levels in some of these designs.

Hi, I am **Loïc Sylvestre** from Sorbonne Université.  I'm interested in design and FPGA-based
implementation of programming languages with an emphasis on safety, correctness and expressiveness.

Hi, I’m **Joe Warner** from Chicago Trading Company. I work as a FPGA design engineer focused on
ultra low latency designs. I’m hoping to learn more about where HLS is headed and how I can better
leverage it in the future while being confident about its correctness.

Hi, I’m **Rezgar Sadeghi** from the University of Tehran, Iran. I’ve worked on High level synthesis
tools for FPGA implementation.I’m interested in learning more and more about HLS for heterogeneous
new architectures.

Hi everyone, I am **Lana Josipovic** from ETH Zurich. I work on different aspects of high-level
synthesis, primarily on generating dynamically scheduled, dataflow circuits from high-level code. I
am interested in exploiting formal methods to guarantee the correctness of such circuits and to
improve them in various ways (e.g., area and performance optimization, introducing new circuit
behaviors and properties).

Hi! I am **Rubén Salvador**, from CentraleSupélec in Rennes, France. I have a rather standard
background in FPGA design using RTL, and I am mostly doing hardware security and architectural
exploration (security for DNN accelerators, HW/SW co-design for space computers using COTS
platforms). I have in fact little experience in HLS, and certainly none in formal methods. So, I
basically registered to learn :-) and see how I can use this for future research.
